## Andrew's README.md


When I was doing my first web page assignemt there was a lot things that I encountered. One of things that the project was attempting to deliver was that we had to make a business card that was a website. I had to put and create my name, put my email, and social media icon which are facebook and gmail. These icons also had to be clickable to acess my email amd social media links. The other thing that the business card project had was a solid color background that was like a yellow orange color. It also included a picture of me that was taken for the project which is my head and little of my shoulders. The problem that it solves is that it shows a little bit of what goes in to making a website so that some people get a idea of what it is like so they can do it themselves. When I was doing this first project there were things that I learned along the way and one of those things were that there is alot involved into making a website page and created it but also doing the coding the process involved with that. I also learned that sometimes I feel like I do not give myself enough credit and I can get overwelmed at times but I always end up doing the best job that I can. As I was doing this I also learned how much coding is needed and how long it takes for that to happen. Also I found that there are some many ways to create it and I was having a hard time to find one design that I like but in the end I came up with something cool. With those things in mind what makes my project stands out is that it is simply in design with not to much complexity with the background in terms of, color, images, and text so it is easy to navigate.

Another thing in the project that I need to address was the accessibility on my web site page and the way that I went about do it was when I showed my project to other students in the class and showed them the icons I made and where you click on the them to acess the links to my email and facebook accounts. When I was doing my project I really did not had have mock up because i was having trouble but when I started I wanted to use a drawing of myself that I did when I was that color with crayon. I originally wanted to put a green hill background drawing with blue skies with the drawing of my self but than I thought that it looked to childish so I ended up not doing a mockup and creating the idea from my head of a simple background instead. How I came up with my personal branding was different than before because I am more creative and have ideas to include drawing characters and other fun elimates that I might use but I decide that it fit this project and that is why it is simple. This idea was not something that I have been developing for while just something that I came up with last. Prior to this class I have not done any making of websites so this was new to me. The font that I chose was Inter the reason why I chose that was because I liked the way that It looked and I liked how simple it is and it goes with the simplicity of the project. If I was doing more with the project I probably would have used a different font but in the end I like how it all turns out.